{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red252\green13\blue7;\red38\green38\blue38;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red49\green49\blue49;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c16471\c0;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c25098\c25098\c25098;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Display unit. The Xbox is brand new and still in its original, unopened packaging. You\'92ll receive it exactly as it would come from the manufacturer, with all original accessories and documentation included.\cf3 \
\'a0
\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Shipping from Bulgaria (EU):
\f2\b0  Fast & Insured delivery via 
\f1\b DHL/DPD
\f2\b0 . 
\f1\b Secure Payment:
\f2\b0  Purchase directly through our encrypted store at ignoreo.com. 
\f1\b No Customs/Duties:
\f2\b0  As we are within the EU, there are no hidden fees for German or Romanian buyers.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec4 UK Buyers:
\f2\b0  Price excludes local VAT/Import duties. Sent via tracked international courier with full insurance.\

\f0\fs28 \cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf5 Details\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf3 Includes hundreds of games with Game Pass Ultimate 3 Month Membership - 512GB SSD All-Digital Gaming Console\
Jump into the world of Xbox with the Xbox Series S \'96 Starter Bundle. Includes everything you need to play with a next-gen console and hundreds of high-quality games, from family-friendly to adrenaline-pumping action, with 3 months of Game Pass Ultimate.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Processor\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf3 CPU: 8X Cores @ 3.6 GHz (3.4 GHz w/SMT) Custom Zen 2 CPU\uc0\u8232 GPU: 4 TFLOPS, 20 CUs @1.565 GHz Custom RDNA 2 GPU\u8232 SOC Die Size: 197.05 mm\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Memory & Storage\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Memory: 10GB GDDR6 128 bit-wide bus\uc0\u8232 Memory bandwidth: 8GB @ 224 GB/s, 2GB @ 56 GB/s\u8232 Internal storage: 512GB Custom NVME SSD\u8232 I/O throughput: 2.4 GB/s (Raw), 4.8 GB/s (Compressed, with custom hardware decompression block)\u8232 Expandable storage: Support for 1TB Seagate Expansion Card for Xbox Series X|S matches internal storage exactly (sold separately). Support for USB 3.1 external HDD (sold separately).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Video Capabilities\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Gaming resolution: 1440p\uc0\u8232 Performance target: Up to 120 FPS\u8232 HDMI features: Auto Low Latency Mode. HDMI Variable Refresh Rate. AMD FreeSync.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Sound Capabilities\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Dolby Digital 5.1\uc0\u8232 DTS 5.1\u8232 Dolby TrueHD with Atmos\u8232 Up to 7.1 L-PCM\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Ports & Connectivity\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf3 HDMI: 1x HDMI 2.1 port\uc0\u8232 USB: 3x USB 3.1 Gen 1 ports\u8232 Wireless: 802.11ac dual band\u8232 Ethernet: 802.3 10/100/1000\u8232 Accessories radio: Dedicated dual band Xbox Wireless radio\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Dimensions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf3 2.55 x 5.94 x 10.82 in (6.5 x 15.1 x 27.5cm)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa150\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Weight\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf3 4.25 lbs (1.92kg)\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/warranty}